HSEARCH-4898 Update Getting Started guides (#3604)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/getting-started/standalone/index.adoc

include::../../components/_incubating-warning.adoc[]

This guide will walk you through the initial steps required

> to index and query your entities using http://hibernate.org/search/documentation[Hibernate Search],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to index and query your entities using http://hibernate.org/search/[Hibernate Search],
```

> when your entities are not defined in http://hibernate.org/orm/documentation[Hibernate ORM].

Reviewer: Maybe stress the "not", because the link on "Hibernate ORM" will make it more prominent.

```suggestion
when your entities are **not** defined in http://hibernate.org/orm/[Hibernate ORM].
```

to match our book whose title contains "refactoring"?
That's possible with custom analysis.

> Analysis defines how both the text that is being indexed, and the search phrase that the index will be scanned for are supposed to be processed.

Reviewer: Let's keep it simple?

```suggestion
Analysis defines how both the indexed text and search terms are supposed to be processed.
```
